[OP#45464] Feature/direct upload api overwrite (#310)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: README.md

## Direct upload

> There's an end-point `direct-upload` available which can be used for direct-upload. There's two steps to direct upload first we need to get the `token` which is then used for direct upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's an end-point `direct-upload` available which can be used for direct-upload. There's two steps to direct upload. first we need to get the `token`. Then use the token in the direct upload request.
```

       "expires_on": <some_timestamp>
   }
   ```
   > Note: The token is one-time only.

2. **Direct upload**:

>    Send multipart form data POST request to `direct-upload` end-point to upload the file with `token` acquired from preparation endpoint. The API takes and optional parameter `overwrite`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Send a multipart form data POST request to the `direct-upload` end-point to upload the file with `token` acquired from the preparation endpoint. The API takes an optional parameter `overwrite`.
```

   1. **Direct upload without overwrite parameter**:

>       In case the `overwrite` parameter is not set at all a file will be only uploaded if no file exists with that name, otherwise a conflict error is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If the `overwrite` parameter is not set, a file will only be uploaded if no file exists with that name, otherwise a conflict error is thrown.
```

      ```console
      curl -X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \
      --form 'file=@"<path-of-file>"' -H'Content-Type: multipart/form-data'
      ```

      The response from the above curl request will be
      ```json
      {
          "file_name": "<file_name>",
          "file_id": <file_id>
      }  
      ```
   
   2. **Direct upload with overwrite parameter**:
      The overwrite parameter can be either set to `true` or `false`.
      1. **overwrite set to false**: 

>          If the parameter is set to `false` and a file with the name already exists, a new file will be uploaded with existing name having a number suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         If the parameter is set to `false` and a file with the name already exists, a new file will be uploaded with the existing name and a number suffix.
```

          ```console
         curl -X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \
         --form 'file=@"<path-of-file>"' --form 'overwrite="false"' -H'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' 
           ```

          The response from the above curl request will be
          ```json
          {

>               "file_name": "<file_name>(some-number)",

Reviewer: What happens about "file extension". Do we get `file(42).doc` or `file.doc(42)`?

Maybe there could be a real example that shows this.

      ```console
      curl -X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \
      --form 'file=@"<path-of-file>"' -H'Content-Type: multipart/form-data'
      ```

      The response from the above curl request will be
      ```json
      {
          "file_name": "<file_name>",
          "file_id": <file_id>
      }  
      ```
   
   2. **Direct upload with overwrite parameter**:
      The overwrite parameter can be either set to `true` or `false`.
      1. **overwrite set to false**: 
         If the parameter is set to `false` and a file with the name already exists, a new file will be uploaded with the existing name and a number suffix.
          ```console
         curl -X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \
         --form 'file=@"<path-of-file>"' --form 'overwrite="false"' -H'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' 
           ```

          The response from the above curl request will be
          ```json
          {
              "file_name": "<file_name>(some-number).ext",
              "file_id": <file_id>
          }
          ```

>           Suppose we have a file with name `file.txt` in the server, and we send a request to direct-upload api with file `file.txt` and overwrite set to `true` then the response will be.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          Suppose we have a file with name `file.txt` in the server, and we send a request to direct-upload api with the file `file.txt` and overwrite is set to `false` then the response will be.
```

		  ```json
		  {
			  "file_name": "file (2).txt",
			  "file_id": 123
		  }
		  ```

>           > Note: The file id in this case is the id of the original file. Only the content is overwritten.

Reviewer 2: I think this line has to go to `**overwrite set to true**:`

Author: yes sorry I didn't notice

   }
   ```

2. **Direct upload**:
   Send multipart form data POST request to `direct-upload` end-point to upload the file with `token` acquired from preparation endpoint. The API takes and optional parameter `overwrite`.
   1. **Direct upload without overwrite parameter**:

>    If the `overwrite` parameter is not set at all only the file with non-existing name is uploaded and a conflict error is thrown in case the file already exists.

Reviewer: We now have:
"If the `overwrite` parameter is not set, a file will only be uploaded if no file exists with that name, otherwise a conflict error is thrown."

That looks good to me.

         ```console

>           curl-X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \

Reviewer 2: there needs to be a space after `curl`, I've made a similar fix in [09a0e47](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/commit/09a0e4749df929ed7a41450326ade49af6582ad2)
```suggestion
          curl -X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \
```
same in the other curl examples

          --form 'file=@"<path-of-file>"' -H'Content-Type: multipart/form-data'
        ```
      
        The response from the above curl request will be
        ```json
        {
          "file_name": "<file_name>",
          "file_id": <file_id>
        }  
       ```
   
   2. **Direct upload with overwrite parameter**:
   The overwrite parameter can be either set to `true` or `false`.
      1. **overwrite set to false**: 
      If the parameter is set to `false` and a file with the name already exists, a new file will be uploaded with existing name having a number suffix.
	     ```console
          curl-X POST 'http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/direct-upload/<token>' \
          --form 'file=@"<path-of-file>"' --form 'overwrite="false"' -H'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' 
		 ```

	      The response from the above curl request will be
	      ```json
	      {
	      "file_name": "<file_name>(some-number)",
	      "file_id": <file_id>
	      }  
	      ```
      2. **overwrite set to true**:

>       If the parameter is set to `true` and a file with the name already exists, the existing file will be overwritten.

Reviewer 2: What happens if there is a folder with that name?

Author: I don't know, I would expect the file to be uploaded. I'll try it and add tests as well.

Author: The current code throws `500` when overwrite is set to `true`, and works fine when set to `false` or when not set. I'll fix the code so it doesn't send `500` in this case

> 		 ```console

Reviewer 2: there seems to be a mixture of spaces and tabs for indenting in your change, I think its better to use spaces everywhere
